README.md, before:

# RDKit Docker Image

[RDKit](https://github.com/rdkit/rdkit) is a collection of cheminformatics and machine-learning software written in C++ and Python.

This Docker image provides a Debian distribution with Python 3 and all other dependencies installed via the Debian package manager. RDKit is compiled from source.

This Docker image is designed to provide a lightweight RDKit installation, without any unnecessary build tools or package management infrastructure in the final image. Other images may inherit from it, or use it as an earlier stage in a multi-stage build process. See the [mcs07/postgres-rdkit](https://github.com/mcs07/docker-postgres-rdkit) image for an example of this.

For a more complete environment that is easier to work with but results in a larger image, you may be better served by using a [miniconda](https://hub.docker.com/r/continuumio/miniconda3/) image and using `conda install` to add RDKit and other dependencies.

## Running

Run `rdkit` container with an interactive shell:

    docker run -it --rm mcs07/rdkit:latest /bin/bash

Or a python interpreter:

    docker run -it --rm mcs07/rdkit:latest python3

## Building

A multi-stage docker build is used to produce a lightweight production image without all the build dependencies. To build, run:

    docker build -t rdkit .

## Related Projects

- https://github.com/InformaticsMatters/docker-rdkit

Commit message:

migrate to Ubuntu and upgrade RDKit latest version

README.md, after:

# RDKit Docker Image

**Forked from** [mcs/rdkit-docker](https://github.com/mcs07/docker-rdkit) for creating an Ubuntu version.

[RDKit](https://github.com/rdkit/rdkit) is a collection of cheminformatics and machine-learning software written in C++ and Python.

This Docker image provides a ~~Debian~~Ubuntu distribution with Python 3 and all other dependencies installed via the ~~Debian~~Ubuntu package manager. RDKit is compiled from source.

This Docker image is designed to provide a lightweight RDKit installation, without any unnecessary build tools or package management infrastructure in the final image. Other images may inherit from it, or use it as an earlier stage in a multi-stage build process. See the [mcs07/postgres-rdkit](https://github.com/mcs07/docker-postgres-rdkit) image for an example of this.

For a more complete environment that is easier to work with but results in a larger image, you may be better served by using a [miniconda](https://hub.docker.com/r/continuumio/miniconda3/) image and using `conda install` to add RDKit and other dependencies.

## Running

Run `rdkit` container with an interactive shell:

    docker run -it --rm jvansan/rdkit:latest /bin/bash

Or a python interpreter:

    docker run -it --rm jvansan/rdkit:latest python3

## Building

A multi-stage docker build is used to produce a lightweight production image without all the build dependencies. To build, run:

    docker build -t jvansan/rdkit .

## Related Projects

- https://github.com/InformaticsMatters/docker-rdkit
- https://github.com/mcs07/docker-rdkit
